hey guys it's christian and Cory from
super comedy guru 9000 and we're here to
bring you our review of naruto chapter 5
57 so sit down because here it comes ok
so the chapter starts off with Gaara
looking up at the sky with a whole bunch
of nameless ninja like and then an Okie
starts going into this explanation and
this is when we start to learn a lot
about the music hobbies reelabilities
why he's to be feared not just be known
for summoning a giant clam um first and
foremost we get an explanation of that
huge ass explosion that had a face in it
and this is just crazy this is one of
the weirdest abilities have ever seen so
far in the series but what happens is he
creates this giant explosion of rain
that goes up into the sky and slowly
comes back down and it creates this
water clone but it's not just a normal
water clone it's actually covered with a
thin layer of oil all the way around it
kind of like an oily skin and all the
water is inside and enoki says it takes
the form of a kid it looks like
something that Tim Burton would have
drawn and it's really creepy looking
actually but the whole point of
disability is when he's actually
fighting the oil outside of the body
will heat up and that will cause the
water inside of his body to evaporate
thus expanding outwards and the more he
fights the more it will expand and
essentially it creates another explosion
which again will create all of this rain
and he'll just repeat it all again as
the rain comes down and reforms new
clone this is a crazy-ass ability so
something else crazy about this clone is
it's like super fast gar can't even
catch it with his hand and also it has
this ridiculous ability to grow weapons
off of its body so on top of being like
untouchable fast it's just gonna like
come up and slice you and this just kind
of reminded me of like the t1000 from
terminator have you seen this boy so now
that they got this giant oil water clone
on the field that can just explode at
any time they have to find the real
music ave and luckily they happen to
have a sensor ninja who's there and
conveniently they just find them
immediately and i standing behind some
rocks so Gaara gets over there and he's
getting ready to take him down and he
uses his new pyramid attack again it's
really really cool looking but then all
of a sudden the clone appears again
right
the pyramid and it's freaking huge and
it looks like it's about to explode at
any time and his clone is still like so
fast it just gets all the seals off the
UH pyramid and the media kaga ends up
like wiggling his head off the top of
the pyramid oh and we seen our two for
two panels so in an act of total
desperation the knees acog a decides to
do another friggin explosion but luckily
gars able to stop it with his dead mom
no jutsu where he's able to form
basically this giant shield in the shape
of his mother that protects all of the
shinobi alliance okay so Gaara ends up
surviving the attack along with the
shinobi alliance and then the music hah
gayyy ends up giving him some props but
then sends his clone right Adam and he's
attacking with his t1000 weapons and
then all of a sudden gar gets hit by the
clone but it actually turns out to be a
sand clone which hit the mizu kages
clone and gauri appears behind him and
then the clone of the music ah gay
explodes but then kind of stops halfway
because gaara's clones started to seal
it and then we find out that there was
actually gold dust in there and as the
clone was cooling off you know back and
forth is explodes and REE REE connects
the cooling made the gold like lock like
a rock around it and it can't move
anymore and that clone is out and the
music colleges like damn son and that's
how the chapter pretty much comes to
inflows and by the way this is not just
a chapter review it also doubles as a
drinking game every time you hear the
word clone take a drink mmm all right
guys what did we think about this week's
chapter I don't know about you but in
retrospect after reading bleach and
everything I really liked this week's
chapter a lot mostly for the music ah
gay but most because I just did not
expect that his abilities would be this
intricate in this well thought out he
also just developed a lot more as a
character than I was expecting I would
sort of just seeing him as this smartass
guy and then towards the end he's
actually being sort of a teacher the
year to Gaara and Gaara was already sort
of a fully fleshed-out character so it's
cool to see some more development on
garside too and the music ah gay
actually I almost want to say I end up
liking him a little bit
for this chapter and I really did not
like him I thought his look was stupid
we gave him the dumb French music ah gay
name but like he got kind of redeemed
himself this chapter and his clone
technique was really badass no actually
I do agree on the fact that of the kages
that were summoned like for this and
everything he was definitely my least
favorite but from what I've seen from
everybody he's probably one of my
favorites now I mean the the whole
concept of the whole oil and water and
heating it up to evaporate and explode
and then come back down and do it again
that's just ridiculous it almost sounds
like something out of one piece I mean
it sounds like a devil fruit ability
it's just it's insane and I like it
though because it shows that the author
is still being really really creative
and you know there's more to this series
than just Ross and gone and Sharingan
you know and that's why I think I like
this chapter so much and this really
shows why we like shounen manga its
battle manga the reason we like the
means of kages so much now is because he
got a cool fight in so you know just
remember what these long ago really
about because I think battling is really
what you come to Naruto for because the
flights are so good and so well thought
out have so much depth to them so I'm
just glad that we got an awesome fight
this week okay you guys for rating this
week we want to drop a 8.08 of 10 ok
guys so that's what we thought this week
mostly because what we just talked about
all right guys it's time for our
question of the week where we want to
know what you think well basically for
this week we can assume that the music
ah gay has been defeated in the seas
going to be sealed up and this means a
victory for Gaara and his team and
basically we don't know where it's going
to go from here but we want to know what
you guys think we want to know what
teams you want to see fight or what
other things you want to see coming up
in the future of the naruto chapters so
let us know with your comments below or
if you just want to let us know what you
thought of this week's chapter leave
your comments there as well thumbs
thumbs thumbs thumbs up ok guys so um we
just want to be honest if you liked the
video make sure to give it a thumbs up
because it helps our videos get around
the YouTube anime community and helps
you know more people see our stuff so
thank you guys and until next time super
comedy guru 9000 out next week we ramen
haha you make a face